hey yo guys this is a video I really
don't want to film but I feel I have to
as being a youtuber of the wrestling
community Chris Benoit has passed away
now first of all when I found out about
this I was at work and I look on the
computer we had there in the break room
and I saw xvid but I couldn't hear it
because we don't have sound for their
house was a little shocked about it and
then I went to ww Emily please tell me
this is not an angle and it turned out
it wasn't there was true cold hard facts
and you know I was very disappointed to
hear that Christian was one of my
favorite wrestles of all time you know
the Canadian Crippler Chris Benoit you
know when you look back on his career he
accomplished a lot I mean the man was
more over in Japan than some Japanese
wrestlers as wold Pegasus his feuds in
WCW with Kevin Sullivan classic hardcore
matches like way before hardcore times
his matches in ECW with tagging with
Dean Malenko I mean his match with Dean
Malenko a great hog-wild 96 I mean some
of the best stuff ever I mean Crispin
walk didn't care about the money Chris
Benoit would have gone out there for
fucking free I excuse me for the person
there but he would have done it for free
and you know it I mean and then you know
just this year he got a little bit of a
deep push and I started using him to put
guys over I mean at the MVP now is over
because of chris bell and you know I
refused to believe the fact that he
murdered his family and he hung him so I
just refused to believe that I mean I
was told last night on skype by ECW
hardcore that he they family died by
carbon monoxide poisoning I'm like well
you know that I can believe because
Chris Benoit was one of the most
respecting in the whole wrestling
business guys and damn it I will not
believe that man killed his family I
just will not believe Chris Benoit did
that and I don't know there's not much I
can say other than i was very happy how
they let no one watch for no one came in
they dedicated raw to Chris Benoit and
the show some of the greatest matches in
his career they showed him winning his
bachelors ligar a cage match with JBL
for the u.s. title and showed parts of
the route of the 2004 Mel Rumble where
he wanted and let's show probably one of
his best matches of all time where he
won the title finally at WrestleMania 20
against Triple H giggles and I got to
tell you they show even though they were
commercial breaks in there and they kind
of skipped over some of the match when
Chris Benoit made Triple H tap out I
marked out like a bastard I mean I was
on my feet clapping and round of
applause to Chris for one of the
greatest performances ever one of the
greatest ends to a match not just to
finish with the end with him and Eddie
in their moment now Chris and Eddie are
together you know just sad how such
great talent is gone now I mean there's
WWE he's missing a whole I mean I knew
the Smackdown locker room was missing
him once he got drafted the ECW look I
don't know it's just so weird because I
thought for sure we're going to see him
again see I'm punk and probably a match
of the year I didn't that family she
wasn't alone so someone's sick maybe we
did wife sick or something then this I I
don't know guys so all i would like to
say I mean I no one has been done with
already today but maybe just for this
week no shoots on anyone nothing just
like Crispin was tribute happen
just let it happen man just let him let
this week be4 Chris so rest in peace
crisps the best used to have a
catchphrase Chris Benoit for real now
it's chris benoit forever